
This is a drag and drop puzzle game.

The user can pick any of the 4 puzzle pieces and drag and drop the piece into a drop-zone.
The user should only be able to drag and drop one piece into any given drop-zone.
The user should be able to select any of the 4 background images at the bottom to change the puzzle board background image.
When the user selects a new background image the pieces should return to puzzle pieces area.

I need to know which piece the user is dragging
I need to know which drop zone the user has dropped a piece into
I need to know if there is already a piece in the drop zone and if there is prevent a user from dropping another
I need to know which bg image the user has clicked on so the bg image/puzzle board can be changed accordingly

Functionality Step 1 - Allow user to select a puzzle background

Collect all of the background images and attach and event listener so I can listen and figure out which image the user has clicked on.
Create a let variable, use querySelectorAll to grab them, add event listeners using a for each loop. Need to call a function/event handler to execute this functionality.

I know I can change the style property of an element so I should be able to change background Image property with JS. I set the background in CSS by using background-image property and passing a url.

I can figure out which image the user clicked on by using \'91this\'92 and grabbing the id. If I strategically name my images and and id\'92s to match up then I can use the id to swap the image path.

Functionality Step 2 - Bring puzzlepieces back to the drop zone

Issue 1: When the background of the puzzle changes, any puzzle pieces currently inside should be reset back to their original position. 
Solution: 
- We need to use an event listener (click)
- When clicked, run an if statement to see if it's true. If this is true put the pieces back.

Issue 2: When the background of the puzzle changes the pieces need to change to their respective counterparts.
Solution: When you click the button holders two things happen: 1. The background on the board changes and 2. the pieces change. 